Splunk Pre Release - handle offset bug (#15615)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/Integrations/SplunkPy/SplunkPy_description.md

## SplunkPy

> We strongly recommend you to use **Splunk Pre Release** integration which contains improvements regarding the fetch mechanism.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend using **Splunk Pre Release** integration which contains improvements regarding the fetch mechanism.   
Specifically, if you experience any issues regarding fetch logic, including (but not limited to) missing incidents, using the pre release version is the first step you should take.
```
